---
layout: post
title:  "Meeting Minutes - 8th of August 2023"
author: sal
categories: [ Minutes ]
tags: [ admin ]
image: assets/images/2.jpg
rating: 4.5
---

*Present:*
Anthea Wyatt(Chair), Steve Alexander, Margaret Fitch, Gary Jones, and
new members: Richard Barrett, Nico Corrarello (agenda item 8 onwards), David Jackson,
Paul Tenconi
1. *Apologies:* Susan Haddock, Sue Loney (new member), Jim Wyatt
2. *Welcome to new members:* Anthea welcomed four new members who have expressed an interest, and are attending the Committee for the first time.
3. *Minutes of the meeting of 2nd February 2023:* the minutes were agreed with the amendment that 'Steve needs to arrange to get a credit debit card in his name' (Treasurer’s report).
4. *Matters arising:* Clare Maslen has resigned as she has moved to Clavering. The Spring Newsletter was published in May. Parking actions are complete. Other matters are included in the agenda items below.
5. *Treasurer's report:* A debit card has been received in Steve’s name. Steve is now in contact with NatWest, and he thanked Jim Wyatt for his help with the handover of the Treasurer role. Steve will share the account balance next week. He is receiving statements now.
Outgoings: printing, insurance and website dominion.
6. *Subscriptions:* Anthea shared Susan’s thoughts on subscriptions. CCA hasn’t charged for four years. It was suggested that we start collecting from Spring 2024 at the old rate of £3 and £2. Many no longer carry cash as they used to. A request to pay by bank transfer had only five responses, and matching payments and addresses for 1,800 households was impractical. A slip could be included with the newsletter with a request to make payment to the deliverer’s address.
7. *Deliveries:* Anthea explained to new members that delivery rounds for newsletters covered about 40 houses each. The following areas need a new person to deliver:
- Barrells Down Road
- Elm Road
- Lindsay Close
- Lindsay Road
- Pinelands
- Yew Tree Place/Northgate End
8. *Planning:* Margaret updated the Committee on the removal of the weir. There was a lengthy discussion about communications, permissions to access gardens, and security.
Margaret had contacted Cllr Mione Goldspink.

9. *Autumn newsletter:* This will give notice of the AGM in October. It would include contact numbers for Committee members. Articles would include Planning (Margaret), new councillors (Gary), Quiz (Richard Owen).
10. *Website:* This has not been updated for two years. Richard Barrett offered to coordinate the updating and making it more interesting, with involvement from David Jackson and Nico Corrarello. Nico suggested it could be run blog-style, and would put forward ideas to keep it running at no additional cost.
Anthea talked through a proposed link to the Bishop’s Stortford Civic Federation (BSCF) website, which was managed by Parsonage Residents Association. It would require an annual payment of £40. CCA Facebook would require moderation and a moderator as Facebook automatically allows interaction. Anthea was clear that the commitment was too much at this time.
11. *AGM:* mid-October was suggested by Anthea and she proposed to contact the CAB to give a talk, as they had requested another grant from us. Councillors would be invited.
12. *AOB:* Anthea had backed two letters from BSCF regarding the station ticket office closure and Old River Lane.
13. *Date of Next Meeting:* a short meeting was proposed for Tuesday 5th September at 8pm on zoom, to finalise the AGM arrangements.
